
   This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0
   International License (the "License"). You may not use this file except in compliance with the
   License. A copy of the License is located at http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/.

   This file is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND,
   either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

.. _web-connecting-windows:

###################################
Connecting to Your Windows Instance
###################################

.. meta::
    :description: Installing AWS VSTS and TFS toolkit and configuring credentials for AWS
    :keywords: .net, guide, help, tutorial, tfs, vsts, aws, credentials

|EC2long| |EC2| instances created from most Windows Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) enable you to connect using
Remote Desktop. Remote Desktop uses the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) and enables you to connect to
and use your instance in the same way you use a computer sitting in front of you.

.. topic:: To connect to your Windows instance using RDP (AWS Explorer)

1. In Visual Studio 2017, open :guilabel:`AWS Explorer`, expand :guilabel:`Amazon EC2`, and then double-click
   :guilabel:`Security Groups`.

2. Choose the :guilabel:`VPC Security Group` that corresponds to your deployed instance.

3. Choose :guilabel:`Add Permission`, choose :guilabel:`RDP` under :guilabel:`Protocol`,
   and then choose :guilabel:`OK`. The RDP protocol (port 3389) will be added to the inbound
   permissions.

4. In :guilabel:`AWS Explorer`, expand :guilabel:`AWS Elastic Beanstalk` and your app node,
   and then double-click the target environment.

5. In the Environment view, choose :guilabel:`Connect to Instance`. The :guilabel:`Open Remote Desktop`
   prompt opens. Choose :guilabel:`Use EC2 keypair to log on` and, optionally, whether
   to :guilabel:`Map local drives on remote desktop`, and then choose :guilabel:`OK`.

   |tvs| will use the keypair created during the deployment.

6. You might be warned that the publisher of the remote connection cannot be verified. It
   was generated by |tvs| to connect to your instance. To trust the connection, choose :guilabel:`Connect`.

   You might also be warned that the identify of the remote computer cannot be verified. To connect anyway,
   choose :guilabel:`Yes`.

   After a few moments, you will be connected.

See `Connecting to Your Windows Instance <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/WindowsGuide/connecting_to_windows_instance.html>`_
to learn other ways to connect and transfer files between your local computer and your Windows instance.
